overuse of mobile phones pre-sleep is
one of the main factors that cause Sleep
Disorders despite medical research
proves that excessive blue light from
the smartphone leads to the decrease of
sleepiness the ubiquity of cell phones
makes it difficult for people to
disconnect from them completely before
bedtime regarding this dilemma we
explore the potential of treating mobile
own as sleep helpers we proposed a novel
interaction mode and designed a breath
control audio game which guide mobile
users to reduce the use of smartphones
and take breathing exercises that
improve Sleep Quality near bedtime based
on gamification theory in our design we
divide smartphone usage in the Sleep
Cycle into four phases introducing
gamification elements at three phases
except for the Sleep Time phase awake
Time Players set the sleep wake schedule
in this phase pre-bed time based on the
sleep wake schedule set by players the
system enables the game 1 hour before
bedtime then a floating window animation
hovers over the phone screen when users
use phones the animation as a countdown
timer changes according to the realtime
usage of cell phones in bedtime the
player uses breathing to control the
game role to go forward three different
footsteps were wrapped to the real time
deep breathing
[Music]
sound sleep time awake time players will
wake up with the environmental sounds of
the place that their game roll stopped
the night before moreover the game
interface will display the information
of their character's final location our
games metaphor promotes smartphone users
to beware that excessive use of mobile
phones before bedtime will adversely
affect sleep demonstrating the
opportunities of utilizing smartphones to support sound sleep